first version of relayer service docs (#1731)
near/docs: docs/2.develop/relayers/multichain-server.md

4. The multichain relayer server sends the funding transaction to the foreign chain RPC to fund the user's account with gas.
5. After the gas funding transaction is confirmed, the multichain relayer server calls the foreign chain RPC again to send the signed transaction initiated by the user in step 1.
6. The Cross Chain Settlement takes care of selling the extra `NEAR` being sent to the gas station contract for gas tokens on foreign chains as well as bridging the tokens to the other chains. This process is currently manual, but will be automated in partnership with market makers in the future.

## Relayer Server Endpoints

1. `/send_funding_and_user_signed_txns` which handles both
   1. Funding the user's XChain account with gas from the paymaster treasury account, which is provided as a raw signed transaction
   2. Sending the user's raw signed transaction (in hexadecimal in EVM case) after the funding transaction has been confirmed on the foreign chain

> 2. (MVP only) `/get_balance_for_account` endpoint that gets the native gas token (BNB) balance for an account.

Reviewer: Remove this from the actual docs since it will be removed in a few weeks

Author: `get_balance_for_account` removed

> ## Relayer Server Endpoints
> 
> 1. `/send_funding_and_user_signed_txns` which handles both
>    1. Funding the user's XChain account with gas from the paymaster treasury account, which is provided as a raw signed transaction
>    2. Sending the user's raw signed transaction (in hexadecimal in EVM case) after the funding transaction has been confirmed on the foreign chain
> 2. (MVP only) `/get_balance_for_account` endpoint that gets the native gas token (BNB) balance for an account.

Author: ```suggestion
```

The signing service will take 15-30 seconds. 
We assume that both the signing of the foreign chain transaction and the gas funding transaction happen in parallel. 
On BSC mainnet (not beaconchain which has 1 second finality) with 3 second blocktimes there should be 2 blocks for confirmation optimistically bringing the total to 6 seconds optimistically/transaction on BSC. 
We need to make 2 transactions, so that's 12-24 seconds on BSC assuming 2-4 blocks for finality. Add in some network overhead for each step in the process, especially the indexer picking up the emitted event (~5-7 seconds), and we're at 30-60 seconds/transaction on BSC. 
For Solana it would be closer to 20-30 seconds (0.4 second block time, 1 block confirmation). See [table 1](https://usa.visa.com/solutions/crypto/deep-dive-on-solana.html) for more confirmation times. 

L2 real finality times can over a day for finality unless we trust a centralized sequencer for soft confirmations, which may be as fast as a few seconds as in the case of [zksync era](https://era.zksync.io/docs/reference/concepts/finality.html#instant-confirmations).

> The difference between optimistic or soft confirmations vs real finality is something we should consider. We may get better finalized guarantees when the [Eigenlayer-Near Partnership is live](https://pages.near.org/blog/near-foundation-and-eigen-labs-partner-to-enable-faster-cheaper-web3-transactions-for-ethereum-rollups-via-eigenlayer/). 3-4 second finality for all ETH L2s is much more manageable.

Reviewer: >is something we should consider
is something we're considering

Author: fixed

> The difference between optimistic or soft confirmations vs real finality is something we should consider. We may get better finalized guarantees when the [Eigenlayer-Near Partnership is live](https://pages.near.org/blog/near-foundation-and-eigen-labs-partner-to-enable-faster-cheaper-web3-transactions-for-ethereum-rollups-via-eigenlayer/). 3-4 second finality for all ETH L2s is much more manageable.

Author: ```suggestion
The difference between optimistic or soft confirmations vs real finality is something we are considering. We may get better finalized guarantees when the [Eigenlayer-Near Partnership is live](https://pages.near.org/blog/near-foundation-and-eigen-labs-partner-to-enable-faster-cheaper-web3-transactions-for-ethereum-rollups-via-eigenlayer/). 3-4 second finality for all ETH L2s is much more manageable.
```
